
README

  Welcome to safe-crux: A clean and minimal CRUX enviroment.

  Sorry, until some information notes will be placed, you can read doc/* files.

  Please contact the authors to report bugs.
  Before reporting a bug try to be sure you have the lastest source available.
  Feel free to add all the info you think can be usefull, and of course you can
  provide a patch or the way to solve a bug.


INTRODUCTION

  Apparently, ATM don't exist a unified way for testing/developing ports.
  As we known, developers are using prtutils, chroot environments or 
  unfortunately other are using their own crux system for building and 
  testing their ports, and that sounds terrible in some cases. For that, we are
  working on 'safe-crux', a environment similar to a "freshinstall", where
  testing ports and try to discover bugs, and also the most issues that users
  can find when they are building ports for their systems.

  We are trying to keep the environment as simple as possible (KISS), 
  giving freedom to respect people's customizations or preferences working daily 
  with CRUX, but having the security of a minimal and secure environment.
  Being minimal we're sure that it can be enough flexible to different people
  uses. For example, I'm using it to build uCRUX packages for my old 486 laptop,
  so I don't spend hours and hours compiling on it.
  
  Also with safe-crux you'll have another interesting tool called 'prt-clean'
  which helps you to take snapshots at different moments of our environment and
  then delete ports between snapshots, listed all snapshot points, etc.

  Finally, we will glad to known your opinions/suggestions/etc about that.


REQUERIMENTS

  You need internet access, if not then you should place the iso and md5sum
  you selected in etc/safe-crux.conf into the ./iso directory

  Also you need a linux kernel greater or equal than 2.6.27 to use versions of
  CRUX's iso greater or equal than CRUX 2.6


AUTHORS

  Jose V Beneyto, <sepen@crux.nu>
  Victor Martinez, <pitillo@ono.com>
